Minor improvements in the lncli api regarding channel closures. (#8350)
lightningnetwork/lnd: docs/release-notes/release-notes-0.18.0.md

## lncli Additions

* Rename `bumpclosefee` to `bumpforceclosefee` to accomodate for the fact that

>   only force closing transaction can be bumped avoiding confusion. Moreover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  only force closing transaction can be bumped to avoid confusion. Moreover
```
